Here is the first template to understand how to setup and test your Linduino one.
Follow the steps:
1. Download LTSketchbook.zip from www.linear.com/docs/43958 or LTSketchbook.zip from resources. This is the entire codebase for 
   theLinduinoboard, including all demo code,libraries for individual devices, auxiliary functions, and HTML documentation.
   Extract this file to a location for working files, such as your “My Documents” directory or “C:\Projects”.
2. Note: If QuikEval is already installed, please update to the latest version by selecting Tools → Update Program, 
   then proceed to step 3. If not, download and run QuikEval from www.linear.com/software (or download the ITCqev.exe from the resources). 
   This installs the QuikEval program, as well as the FTDI USB drivers required for the Linduino One (and other Linear Technology interface
   boards.) Drivers are also distributed with the Arduino IDE, but it is recommended to let QuikEval install the drivers to ensure 
   compatibility with the Linduino One. You will be prompted to connect the board to the PC during installation. Once the installation
   is complete, quit QuikEval.
3. Download the Arduino Integrated Development Environment (IDE) from either http://arduino.cc/en/Main/Software or
   http://www.linear.com/designtools/linduino.php. IF you have already Arduino installed than ignore step 3 and follow from step 4 
   else install arduino completely and than proceed as step 4.
4. Now open Arduino IDE and from File->Prefrences enter the location of Sketchbook of the extracted .zip file. Now close the arduino IDE 
   as it needs a restart to update the Sketchbook. Now connect the Linduino One to the PC. Now open the Arduino IDE and from
   Tools->Boards->Arduino UNO and select the corresponding port number. To see if all drivers are installed properly and the module runs
   fine, open Serial Monitor, choose Newline, Baudrate as 115200, you will se hello directly on the serial monitor screen and if you 
   press the reset button on Linduino One you should see hello again. This ensures that Linduino One is properly working.
